[DOCS-1229] Document media panels (#1260)
wandb/docs: content/guides/models/app/features/panels/media.md

---
menu:
  default:
    identifier: media-panels
    parent: panels
title: Media panels
weight: 50
---

A media panel visualizes [logged keys for media objects]({{< relref "/guides/models/track/log/media.md" >}}), including 3D objects, audio, images, video, or point clouds. This page shows how to add and manage media panels in a workspace.

{{< img src="/images/app_ui/demo-media-panel.png" alt="Demo of a media panel" >}}

## Add a media panel

> To quick add a media panel for a logged key using the default configuration:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add a media panel for a logged key using the default configuration:
```
* And/or correct "To quick add..."
* Add a note what "default configuration" is?

Author: It's actually not a typo, "quick add" is different from "add" (the Custom Add section below). https://docs.wandb.ai/guides/app/features/panels/#quick-add

There's not really a better way to describe the default configuration. It's whatever we come up with during the Quick Add flow. I think it depends on the type of media.

> To quick add a media panel for a logged key using the default configuration:

Author: ```suggestion
To add a media panel for a logged key using the default configuration, use Quick Add. You can add a media panel globally or to a specific section.
```

> 1. To add it globally, click **Add panels** in the control bar near the panel search field.

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Global**: Click **Add panels** in the control bar near the panel search field.
```

> 1. To add it directly to a section instead, click the section's action `...` menu, then click **Add panels**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Section**: Click the section's action `...` menu, then click **Add panels**.
```

1. In the list of available panels, find the key for the panel, then click **Add**. Repeat this step for each media panel you want to add, then click the **X** at the top right to close the **Quick Add** list.
1. Optionally, [configure the panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}).

> To add a custom media panel manually:

Author: ```suggestion
You can add a media panel globally or to a specific section:
```

> 1. To add it globally, click **Add panels** in the control bar near the panel search field.

Reviewer: Sounds a bit weird starting these three sentences with "To add..."

> 1. To add it globally, click **Add panels** in the control bar near the panel search field.

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Global**: Click **Add panels** in the control bar near the panel search field.
```

> 1. To add it directly to a section instead, click the section's action `...` menu, then click **Add panels**.

Author: ```suggestion
1. **Section**: Click the section's action `...` menu, then click **Add panels**.
```

1. Click the **Media** section to expand it.
1. Select the type of media the panel visualizes, 3d objects, images, video, or audio. The panel configuration screen displays. Configure the panel, then click **Apply**. Refer to [Configure a media panel]({{< relref "#configure-a-media-panel" >}}).

## Configure a media panel
This section shows how to customize a media panel, either when you are manually adding it or afterward. Panels for all media types have the same options.

> 1. When you a media panel manually, its configuration page opens after you select the type of media. To configure a panel after it is created, click its gear icon.

Reviewer: Typo, first sentence is confusing. I think it's missing "add"

```suggestion
1. You configure a media panel during the process of adding it. To update its configuration later, click its gear icon.
```

Author: Edited your edit. WDYT?

1. In the **Basic** tab, give the panel a name, select the keys to visualize, and configure the maximum number of runs, number of columns, and number of items to show.

> 1. Optionally configure additional settings in the **Advanced** tab. You can turn on or off **Grid mode** and configure the stride length and snapping behavior for each column.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Optionally configure additional settings in the **Advanced** tab. You can configure smoothing for images, turn on or off **Grid mode** to overlay a configurable X-axis and Y-axis on the panel, adjust the stepper's metric and stride length, and optionally adjust the stepper's offset so that the panel always stops at the current step.
```
@tristan-spaulding2 PTAL, is this good enough for until I get to the fast follows in https://wandb.atlassian.net/browse/DOCS-1229?
